so these are the lip glosses they are
most recent launched and they have been
a long time coming our nude is favored
by Gwyneth Paltrow and Miss do stand the
look actually last fall it's a really
really easy color to wear the formulas
are light but some of the darker shades
you can actually build so that the color
has a bit more intensity and the
stickiness is mild which a lot of people
have favored if you're a true gloss
person I think you actually may want
more stickiness but we actually decided
to cater to the people who were out
looking for that as much one of our hot
sellers for the summer has been White
Rabbit that is pretty much a clear
looking gloss but what's really pretty
about it is that it's got gold in it so
if you want something light on your lips
with just a bit of Sheen it works really
well and can go beautifully over top of
the lipstick or one of our lipstick
crayons and yeah the smell of the bosses
to our signature scent we use the
Jasmine oil the orange blossom and a
little bit of vanilla
so really popular pink for the summer
has been love buzz which again is on the
bluer side of things but right away you
can see that this shade has a lot more
coverage and a lot more pigment love
buzz is great for people who are more
fair it has a lot of coverage and even
for people who are darker there's
something about it that's just really
fresh and kind of crisp for a pink for a
Reds of course we have to have our red
heartbeat has been
a perfect bang on Louie
tinted red that layer is lovely on top
of wild child or 99 red balloons which
is our new lipstick crayon it's also
nice on its own and because the pigments
a little bit thicker it will give you
more coverage and a lot of Sheen the
butterfly and I this one is a simple
simple shade for everybody
it's kind of a go-to if you're not
really sure about color because it's got
just enough peach and coral in it so it
can be warming to the lips but it still
has a sheer aspect so it will actually
blend in with a lot of skin tones of
course we had to do another nice dark
berry since our berries are always done
really well for us and this one has a
touch of saffron in it it almost looks
like it's got a bit of orange yellow a
hue which really warms it up it looks a
little bit darker in the container but
once it goes on the skin it actually has
a warmth to it that over a red could
turn into a really nice kind of brick
berry red so I'd recommend mixing that
with possibly something like wild child
to get a rich mulberry hue for fall
we're really excited that they're out
it's kind of one of the final pieces to
our whole lip area it's a perfect thing
to top up over top of some of our
lipstick crayons or the lipsticks and
for people that I've been looking for
more of a sheen that isn't sheer this
would be the one to go to to add on top
of our other pieces